About coverage (#536)
kmyk/online-judge-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md

## CI

> Travis CI and Appveyor will run automatically when you commit or send PR on `master` or `develop` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Travis CI and AppVeyor will run automatically when you commit or send PR on `master` or `develop` branch.
```

他人の名前や他サービスの名前は正しく書いておくとよい

Author: :crying_cat_face:

The same test as that by `python3 setup.py test` is executed.

`master` `develop` に関する commit や pull request について CI が走ります。
`python3 setup.py test` の実行によるものと同等のテストが行われます。

## Measurement Test Coverage

> Coveralls will be run when CI on your PR passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coveralls will run when CI passed on your PR.
```

-   他動詞 run の受動態よりも単に自動詞として使いたい気がする (be が挟まってるとなんだか不安な感じがしたので)
-   主語と動詞は近い方が読みやすいはずなので、副詞句は後ろに持っていきたい

Author: すぐ上の表現を流用したはずが、無意識にbeが入ってました。

For reliability, higher test coverage is desirable. 

> Therefore, if you add new feature and unittest is not covered your feature, reviewer may ask you to add unittests to increase test coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, when you add a new feature but unittests are not covered your feature, reviewers may ask you to add unittests to increase test coverage.
```

-   you add a new feature が先に来るなら if でなく when にしたい (if だと機能を足すことがあまり起こりえないことのように見える気がする)
-   and より but にしたい (その方が接続詞と分かりやすくて読みやすいと (私は) 感じる)
-   ついでにいくつか
